# ChaosGame
Using Python, I have simulated the structure of the chaos game and applied its logic I also implement and visualize the distribution of chromosomes in the human body genome using the DNA bases characters. The aim of the report using 3 experiments verbally represents the computer-simulated project of a real-life concept. 
Aims of the experiments: 
1.	Vary the important parameter when considering the entirety of the project – the fraction of distance and comparing the figures after scattering points iteratively.
2.	Observe the relevant differences between the plots obtained by varying values of n – the number of sides of the polygon.
3.	Study the visualizations of the gene sequence, examine the changes observed for different ordering of bases, and analyze (figuratively) dependency of point plotting concerning different vertex (base).
Initially, it was difficult to amalgamate myself into the concepts of the project, in particular the chaos game. Steadily I started to develop and understand the crux of it. After decent research, I started conceiving the concepts and visualization. This helped me tackle the first two experiments in continuity as they were based on a common concept. Later, came the most challenging section for me which was to develop the visualization of the chromosome distribution of the genome through concepts of chaos. I was struggling to interpret the connection and how could I build the logic. Gradually, connecting strands, clarifying my doubts with the professors, surfing the web for explanations, and repeated recitation of the guidance provided, I was successful in generating a reasonable plot showcasing the genetic distribution. It was exciting to form a fascinating game with intricate patterns.
I learned to tackle a code from previous inputs to create an altogether different and enhanced output. I aimed to build and improve my programming skills as a coder.

